Add note on Directus version ranges to extensions docs (#334)
directus/docs: content/guides/9.extensions/5.marketplace/1.publishing.md

| `name`                    | Required by npm to publish a package.                                          |
| `version`                 | Required by npm to publish a package.                                          |
| `directus:extension.type` | The extension type - used to categorize extensions in the Marketplace listing. |

> | `directus:extension.host` | The minimum Directus version required for the extension to run. This accepts any allowed range of versions.               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `directus:extension.host` | The minimum Directus version required for the extension to run. This accepts any valid [semver range](https://github.com/npm/node-semver?tab=readme-ov-file#ranges).               |
```
